INTRODUCTION
Aggregation
  Time (Baird1989, Schwarz2020)
  Space (Warren1989)
Problems with sampling and missing data
  Sampling efforts and missing of data bias structure (Goldwasser1997)
  Especially in binary food webs (Thompson2000)
  Aggregation has effects on global metrics (Sugihara1989,Martinez1991,Martinez1992)
RESULTS
What's the size of the clusters produced by different aggregation methods?
  What was the size of the original food webs?
  Figure: histogram with size distribution. Was size normally distributed? -> Kolmogorov-Smirnov test. Median and quartiles.
  Cluster sizes normalised by food web size
  Figure: histogram with size distribution. Was cluster size normally distributed? -> Kolmogorov-Smirnov test. Median and quartiles.
What is the most adequate aggregation method to use for each centrality index?
  Were kendall's tau normally distributed across food webs? -> Kolmogorov-Smirnov test
  Median
  REGE and Jaccard: the best.
  Density modularity: never.
  Prey modularity: never.
  Predator modularity: BC:2nd, TP:1st, cs:2nd(tie).
  Group model: never.
What was the effect of different aggregations on bottom-up and top-down effects?
  Bottom-up: s, kbu, TI, STO. All better (or the same) jaccard.
  Top-down: cs, ktd. All REGE.
What was the effect on different index families?
  Different direction for each family. 10 families.
Did the effect differ between weighted and binary food webs?
  Weighted: nwDC, WI,wSTO. Mix between Jaccard and REGE.
  Binary: rest. No trend.
What are the parameters of the network that I should estimate? I think connectance would be a good one because it is important in the niche model.

DISCUSSION
A good aggregation method
  It needs to maintain TP (important for direction of where the perturbation propagates to (Curtsdotter2011), risk of extinction (Binzer2011),colonisation success (Holt2010))
  It needs to maintain weighted degree, WI5. (Only weighted degree = 70.06%. Weighted degree + WI5 = 78.42%. Both maintained by rege. Dynamical process.)
Goodness of algorithms
  Jaccard and REGE.
  Group model (disagree with Allesina 2009) (in keystone species research)
When to use Jaccard and when to use REGE
  Jaccard: whole food web
  REGE: functional groups (loss of information)
Future directions: effect of aggregation on indices
  On a combination of centrality indices
  On the most important centrality indices
  Across different interaction strength type, environmental gradients, food web properties
Centrality indices proxy for structure
  No studies about this
  Using them in other studies
  Choosing the most important indices/a singular index
  Different indices tells us different things
Future directions: new algorithms
  Other similarity indices
  Other types of modules
Finding keystone species through aggregation
  Keystone species can be the ones that can't be aggregated (Bond1994)
  Different aggregation, different role, different keystone (see Cirtwill2018a)
  Which aggregation method for keystone species (instead of centrality indices)
  Non aggregable species across different aggregation methods or the best method
Is it okay to aggregate?
  Better not to aggregate
  ADBM 83% link correctly predicted with body size classes vs 52% link predicted with species (Woodward2010b)
  Group into functional groups high redundancy to extinction vs no functional groups or species low redundancy to extinction (Petchey2002)
  Limits in what we can sample
  Limits in the data we can access
  Alternatives to aggregation
Standards for food web construction
  Standards for sampling
  Standards for aggregation
  Particularly important for certain taxa (e.g. plankton Jordan2018)

TO READ
 Patonai
 Fedor (how robust were they at an intermediate level?)

NEW DISCUSSION
Problem
  Need of aggregation
  Want to keep the most important species
  Especially for dynamical modelling purposes (e.g. EwE)
  Keystone species
Results
  REGE and Jaccard best
  REGE best with TP,nWD,WI5
  Disagree with Allesina and Pascual 2009
Implications for practices
  When Jaccard
  When REGE
Not aggregating
  Examples
  Aggregation is unavoidable
  Implications for sampling and data missing
  ...
Limitations
  Small food webs (only available with same methodology)
  Aquatic systems
  Only topological indices
  Didn't check the robustness of keystone indices
  One type of interaction strength
  Check different aggregations with fixed percentage
Reccomandations

NEW DISCUSSION 2

NEED FOR AGGREGATION IN HUE FODO WEBS
RESULTS













































.
